say you went to the movies but you
forgot your money and someone else
offered to buy you a ticket too I'll pay
for it's only right to talk to them
first there is a 10% handling favors
that we called it
just for price of madnae because that's
a different feel our same box man
nevermind I bet you $20 that I can kiss
you without ever touching your lips
[Music]
me worth every penny
there was done this before
[Music]
got a little sidetracked Charlie yeah
have you told your wife Charlie Clyde
playing games Charlie let's play
such as follows
they just pushed there whether we have
supposed to present it
he threatened shall take my daughter
Charlie Charlie Charlie can you hear me
where are you on this phone it's Pete
down under Nate
he was in my house with my family
derailed I think uh sorry